what's up guys welding customs here and
today we have a new set of videos I will
be producing every Wednesday it is going
to be comparison Wednesday's where I
have the same character two different
figures we're going to show them off
side-by-side sometimes I'd be / review /
comparison but overall it would be a fun
video just to show and have some fun so
today we're going to start off with
Shazam Captain Marvel this is the new 52
version to sunny San Diego comic-con
version exclusive which is pretty cool
looking so we get into it right away
right now as you can see here he is
sporting a nice-looking hood obviously a
little bit bigger for everyone's liking
but I see why they incorporated it
because of the comic book he has it in a
comic book but just a little bit too big
so at least they actually gave us the
ability to take it off - that's really
nice and right there you have a nice
looking more serious modern Captain
Marvel Shazam figure and right here we
have the original DC Universe
Captain Marvel figure and let's just
soak this in right now and have you guys
look at them side by side alright guys
so here are the two captain Marlowe
figures side-by-side which one is better
you know all about preference and
opinion but in my opinion I like this
one a lot better
it looks more modern obviously you know
it's all about classic versus modern
which one's better in your opinion
looking at them as figures though they
are putting pretty nice I can't really
say which ones better giving the fact
that their post portrayed two different
errors of Captain Marvel you know this
is the more classic look but people have
seen all our lives you know at least 50
plus years and he looks really nice
overall the Mattel did a great job with
this figure making him really come out
of the comic books small details here
and there to make him look really nice
even the upper body or he doesn't have
that regular sculpted upper body because
he has a flap of cloth right here going
across it and it looks really nice good
job of a good job by Mattel for doing
that the only gripe I did have with this
figure
probably the head school I'm not a big
fan when the figures I collect have
specific expressions on their face I see
why they did it obviously from the comic
books but in my opinion I like them to
have more of a grim serious look just
like this one now I like this one a lot
better because he has a wider jaw no
smile and also doesn't have any pupils
seen right there so he looks more more
powerful looking in my opinion more like
a god which is pretty cool looking
there's a lot more powerful like kind of
looks but giving looking at the figures
themselves also I do like the more the
new 52 modern version because it looks
more powerful compared to this one this
one you know like I said the more
classic look more old-school look I
guess you could say but this one the
screams God in my opinion like he has a
big bigger body and wider stance this
looks more stronger if you want to say
that bigger shoulders nicer sculpted
upper body a little bit taller a little
bit bigger also but getting into the
paint schemes like I said looking at
them side by side as their own figures
the paint schemes work fine no real
problem there the only problem with this
one probably is the black lines on the
Batman and Superman figure they actually
are sculpted in this one is painted on
not a big deal you know after a while
you don't really care about it when you
look at it from far away you don't
really notice it or care that much now
getting into the paint schemes again
looking at the capes I like the gold on
this figure a lot better just overall
through the whole body the gold looks a
lot nicer this one is a more of a dull
gle.a dull color and it fits the figure
but if you're comparing both of them
this one looks a lot better now getting
to the back of the cape
now the capes are pretty nice overall I
do like and prefer just one a lot more
this is nice I like the small details
over here look pretty good I don't like
the material it's a lot stiffer and
harder don't like that but this one even
though it's a little bit bigger and
heavier
actually is a lot better quality a lot
more softer and actually has a little
bit more give for it to move around now
which I like a lot now looking at the
symbols on the front the emblems of both
figures I like this a lot better Candice
is sculpted on which is really nice and
I asked you to do like the blue on it I
like how it actually looks like
lightning bolt which is pretty cool and
then with the blue and the white in the
middle so the good job right there
looking at the belts you know totally
different overall a lot better sculpting
but a look better color and just my
opinion like I said I like the new 52
version of Captain Marvel a lot better
but that's all about opinion you could
like the classic look you go like the
model look either way doesn't really
matter to me now for kicks right now I'm
going to be putting black atom in the
middle
now black added himself it's a pretty
unique looking figure because you can
honestly you can match them up either
white he looks pretty nice
obviously them two are supposed to be
together but when he kept these two
together you know he has the more pre
new 52 look but the head sculpt is
actually really nice and actually fits
in pretty well of this I could pose them
two together I had no problem honestly
even though he has more of a yellow look
than gold still looks pretty nice and
even these two match up pretty nicely
also because they're about the same size
give or take to just cut them are of a
little bit smaller compared to both for
them so that's about it guys so what do
you guys think whit which one is your
favorite captain Marlowe figure
leave a comment below let me know and
also if you have any questions or
comments leave them below I like to hear
what you think like I said this is going
to be one of many
Wednesday comparison videos just having
fun you know if you have any questions
or even any suggestions let me know and
we'll see how this goes and how I might
change some stuff up with Never
we will see so that's about it guys
thanks for watching like always common
criticize subscribe do whatever you want
just pay attention following a Facebook
Twitter and Instagram I'm going to while
their customs calm if you like to give
it thumbs up and peace